
Canada name change
 
Vancouver
Fodors guide http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/guide/Vancouver/overview/1059
    
Vancouver celebrities share their favorite hometown hotspots
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-02-22-vancouver-celebs-michael-buble_N.htm

Explore the ethnic neighborhoods around Vancouver
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-02-03-vancouver-ethnic-neighborhoods_N.htm

Toronto 	   
Fodors guide
http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/guide/Toronto/overview/1054

Toronto rolls out the red carpet for celebs & and U.S. tourists 
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2009-09-03-toronto-tourism_N.htm

Montreal	   
Fodors guide
http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/guide/Montreal/overview/1193

Montreal on a budget: European flair without euros 
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2009-07-22-montreal-on-a-budget_N.htm

Halifax
Fodors guide
http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/guide/Halifax/overview/1242 
	
Culinary getaway draws foodies to Nova Scotia
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-07-08-cooking-school-getaways_N.htm

Photo gallery: Nova Scotia Seafood Cooking School
http://mediagallery.usatoday.com/Culinary-school-getaway/G1654

Events and destinations in Atlantic Canada
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-08-15-atlantic-canada-destinations-events_N.htm
   
Quebec City 	   
Fodors guide
http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/guide/Quebec+City/overview/1026

Culinary highlights of Canada
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-01-18-canadian-cuisine_N.htm

Europe 

London
Fodors guide
http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/guide/London/overview/1142

London hotels tour: 15 properties in five days
http://travel.usatoday.com/hotels/post/2011/03/london-hotels-st-pancras-four-seasons-town-hall-intercontinental/148161/1

Photo tour of historic St. Pancras hotel
http://mediagallery.usatoday.com/London%27s-historic-St.-Pancras-hotel-reopens/G2122

Rome
Fodors guide
http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/guide/Rome/overview/1199

Rome's ancient station churches draw Easter pilgrims
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2011-04-17-rome-station-churches_N.htm

Rome to let tourists see Colosseum underground
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-05-27-colosseum-underground-tours_N.htm

Venice
Fodors guide
http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/guide/Venice/overview/1204

Bridge of Signs? Debate heats up over billboards in Venice
http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/dispatches/post/2010/10/venice-italy-mayor-tourism-billboards/126303/1

Berlin
Fodors guide
http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/guide/Berlin/overview/1141

Berlin museum displays artworks returned since WWII
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-12-20-berlin-world-war-two-artwork-museum_N.htm

Berlin nightlife finds inspiration in the Roaring 20s 
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-07-01-berlin-roaring-twenties_N.htm

New exhibits open at former Gestapo headquarters
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-05-09-berlin-topography-of-terror_N.htm

Doner kebab becomes Germany's favorite fast food
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-04-11-germany-doner-kebab_N.htm

Berlin restores section of Wall to 1989 appearance 
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2009-11-06-berlin-wall-restoration_N.htm

Paris
Fodors guide
http://travel.usatoday.com/destinations/guide/Paris/overview/1243

Living like a local in Paris
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-12-02-paris-like-a-local_N.htm

Four Paris hotels deemed worthy of 'palace hotel' status
http://travel.usatoday.com/hotels/post/2011/05/paris-hotels-hyatt-hyatt-athenee-le-meurice-bristol-palaces/169099/1

The best places to see a movie in Paris
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-08-30-paris-movie-theaters_N.htm

Artist Cy Twombly creates ceiling for the Louvre
http://www.usatoday.com/travel/destinations/2010-03-29-cy-twombley-louvre-ceiling_N.htm

